[DOC-4789] Documentation README.md review. (#707)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: model_templates/flask_extension_httpauth/README.md

## Extending Web Server Behavior

> This sample illustrates how you can add third-party or custom Flask extensions when DRUM is in server mode. To demonstrate one potential use case, the `custom_flask.py` file in this model directory extends the HTTP server to require a specific [Bearer Token](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/bearer-authentication/) when making any requests to it. For completeness, this directory also includes all model-related files from the [Python Sklearn Inference Model Template](../python3_sklearn/).

Author: @n-aylward is there a reason you get rid of the newlines? Is that a policy in the docs repo -- what advantage does it provide?

> This sample illustrates how you can add third-party or custom Flask extensions when DRUM is in server mode. To demonstrate one potential use case, the `custom_flask.py` file in this model directory extends the HTTP server to require a specific [Bearer Token](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/bearer-authentication/) when making any requests to it. For completeness, this directory also includes all model-related files from the [Python Sklearn Inference Model Template](../python3_sklearn/).

Reviewer: Hi @elatt, nope! Feel free to adjust as needed. As mentioned in my comment on the Jira ticket, I just didn't pay any mind to line length while editing. I didn't know what the guidelines were, so I consolidated the lines to edit the content more easily. I'll keep the 80 to 100 limit in mind next time.

> **Note**: It is _not_ necessary (or recommended) to add authentication to custom models created in DataRobot MLOps. This example is simply to demonstrate the flexibility of the `custom_flask.py` hook.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: It is _not_ necessary (or recommended) to add authentication to custom models that will be deployed in DataRobot MLOps -- the platform will layer its standard API authentication on top of your custom model for you. This example is simply to demonstrate the flexibility of the `custom_flask.py` hook or to show how you can add authentication to a 'drum' model that is served externally.
```

Author: @n-aylward do you think this is too wordy?

Reviewer: Works for me! I just replaced `--` with `&mdash;`.

> To extend the HTTP server, first create a new custom model with the files in this directory and the Python Drop-In Environment.

Reviewer 2: Is the "Python Drop-In Environment" required to be in the "new custom model"? Otherwise, consider rephrasing.

**Important**: You can only extend the web server when running it _without_ the `--production` flag (or `PRODUCTION=1` environment variable).

> To run the model locally with 'drum', use the following command with paths relative to `./datarobot-user-models`:

Author: ```suggestion
To run this example locally with, use the following command with paths relative to `./datarobot-user-models`:
```

> To run this example locally with, use the following command with paths relative to `./datarobot-user-models`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example locally, use the following command with paths relative to `./datarobot-user-models`:
```
